h2. About Blank Static

Blank static uses Haml, Sass, Compass with Blueprint CSS. Please view the the "Compass Wiki":http://wiki.github.com/chriseppstein/compass to learn about Compass and installation.

To get familiar with Blueprint check out the "quick start tutorial":http://wiki.github.com/joshuaclayton/blueprint-css/quick-start-tutorial

h2. File Names

* All lower case
* Words are separated with an underscore
* Four letter .html extensions is used vs. htm

<pre>
# Examples

about.html
whats_new.html

</pre>

h2. Basic Structure

<pre>
../
 /downloads     => visitor downloads
 /images
 /media         => swf, avi etc
 /stylesheets
   ../style.css
 /javascripts
</pre>

See [[CSS Style Guide]] for structuring CSS files

h2. Sections

Typically the folder structure of the site can mirror the menu structure. For example, the following menu:

* Cookware Catalog
* Host a Rendez-Vous
* Become a Representative
* About Demarle

Will have the following file structure:

<pre>
../cookware_catalog
../rendezvous
../representative
../about
</pre>

h2. Bilingual and Multilingual Sites

* Append the two letter language character at the end of the name (e.g. en-ca, fr-ca).
* Place the different version files in the same folder, do not separate them into different folders.
* Use names for files and folders that are meaningful in both languages e.g. media; or include both language names in the name e.g. help-aide

h3. Example File Structure

<pre>
  ../index.html
  ../main_en.html
  ../main_fr.html
  ../help-aide/index_en-ca.html
  ../help-aide/index_fr-ca.html
</pre>

For all language prefixes:

http://msdn.microsoft.com/workshop/author/dhtml/reference/language_codes.asp

h2. Image prefixes

|background|bg|bg_background|anything used as a stylesheet as a background images (except for items listed below)|
|button|bu|bu_send|-|
|icons|ic|use to represent actions etc.|
|image|im|img_head_shot|an actual image that is used as content|
|logo|lg|lg_eurodib|used for logos|
|menu|mn|mn_about|-|
|titles|tl|tl_about|when graphic titles are used|

if there are different sizes for graphics, such as logos use these standard suffixes

* small
* medium
* big